twenty seventh 
twenty eighth 
april twenty fifth 
denver august ninth 
friday june eleventh 
july ninth 
thursday september fifth 
june fifteenth 
wednesday june sixteenth 
july nineteenth 
atlanta august seventh 
december twenty seventh 
december twenty seventh 
eighteenth 
twenty ninth 
thirty first 
june eleventh 
june first 
twenty eighth 
november twenty third 
july first 
november twenty third 
august twenty seventh 
november seventh 
april sixteen 
august sixth 
august second 
atlanta august seventh 
saturday may twenty two 
november twenty third 
july twenty second 
august twenty seventh 
august twenty seventh 
august twenty seventh 
november seventh 
eighteenth 
november seventh 
september fourth 
may seventh 
april eighth 
december twenty seventh 
december twenty seventh 
april twenty fifth 
august twentieth 
july eighth 
august twenty seventh 
september twenty sixth 
august twenty seventh 
may thirtieth 
august second 
april twenty 
twenty seventh 
september fifteenth 
evening sunday june thirteenth 
june fifth 
august twenty seventh 
august second 
july twenty seventh 
july fifteenth 
nineteenth 
september twentieth 
april sixth 
december sixteen 
july seventh 
july twenty second 
may twenty sixth 
eighteenth 
march first 
february twenty second 
august second 
august thirtieth 
september fourth 
november seventh 
november twenty third 
december twenty ninth 
july eleven 
july seventh 
september twentieth 
july seventh 
september twentieth 
june fourteenth 
august twentieth 
august thirtieth 
june seventeenth 
august second 
december sixteenth 
tuesday june first 
twenty seventh 
april twenty seventh 
saturday may twenty two 
april fifteenth 
august third 
may twenty sixth 
monday may thirty first 
august thirty first 
thursday june seventeenth 
june first 
november seventh 
august thirtieth 
june sixteenth 
november twenty third 
june twentieth 
august twenty seventh 
january twenty third 
august twenty seventh 
washington april twentieth 
june fifteenth 
july seventh 
tenth 
montreal thursday may six 
november seventh 
december twenty seventh 
july twenty third 
june first 
july twenty third 
wednesday may twelfth 
seventh 
april twenty one 
twenty third 
september twentieth 
eighteenth 
august thirtieth 
july seventh 
monday june fourteenth 
june first 
april seventeen 
june twenty ninth 
toronto thursday may six 
april twenty first 
first 
august tenth 
april twentieth 
may four 
december twenty seventh 
monday august nineteenth 
twenty seventh 
twenty eighth 
april twenty fifth 
denver august ninth 
friday june eleventh 
july ninth 
thursday september fifth 
june fifteenth 
wednesday june sixteenth 
july nineteenth 
atlanta august seventh 
december twenty seventh 
december twenty seventh 
eighteenth 
twenty ninth 
thirty first 
june eleventh 
june first 
twenty eighth 
november twenty third 
july first 
november twenty third 
august twenty seventh 
november seventh 
april sixteen 
august sixth 
august second 
atlanta august seventh 
saturday may twenty two 
november twenty third 
july twenty second 
august twenty seventh 
august twenty seventh 
august twenty seventh 
november seventh 
eighteenth 
november seventh 
september fourth 
may seventh 
april eighth 
december twenty seventh 
december twenty seventh 
april twenty fifth 
august twentieth 
july eighth 
august twenty seventh 
september twenty sixth 
august twenty seventh 
may thirtieth 
august second 
april twenty 
twenty seventh 
september fifteenth 
evening sunday june thirteenth 
june fifth 
august twenty seventh 
august second 
july twenty seventh 
july fifteenth 
nineteenth 
september twentieth 
april sixth 
december sixteen 
july seventh 
july twenty second 
may twenty sixth 
eighteenth 
march first 
february twenty second 
august second 
august thirtieth 
september fourth 
november seventh 
november twenty third 
december twenty ninth 
july eleven 
july seventh 
september twentieth 
july seventh 
september twentieth 
june fourteenth 
august twentieth 
august thirtieth 
june seventeenth 
august second 
december sixteenth 
tuesday june first 
twenty seventh 
april twenty seventh 
saturday may twenty two 
april fifteenth 
august third 
may twenty sixth 
monday may thirty first 
august thirty first 
thursday june seventeenth 
june first 
november seventh 
august thirtieth 
june sixteenth 
november twenty third 
june twentieth 
august twenty seventh 
january twenty third 
august twenty seventh 
washington april twentieth 
june fifteenth 
july seventh 
tenth 
montreal thursday may six 
november seventh 
december twenty seventh 
july twenty third 
june first 
july twenty third 
wednesday may twelfth 
seventh 
april twenty one 
twenty third 
september twentieth 
eighteenth 
august thirtieth 
july seventh 
monday june fourteenth 
june first 
april seventeen 
june twenty ninth 
toronto thursday may six 
april twenty first 
first 
august tenth 
april twentieth 
may four 
december twenty seventh 
monday august nineteenth 
